All right, Nicholas has a good question.
He asked a couple minutes ago,
could we define a type of for
verifying if something has a hashtag
key instead of using object as any?
And I'm gonna guess he is referring to in
the trend resolver, this this thing here.
So yeah,
we have a little bit of a challenge here.
First off, I mean, actually I think we do,
we could do it like this.
This is a better way to do it.
It's good you asked.
Actually, it's tricky,
I'll tell you what I was just thinking.
I was about to reach for kind, I was
thinking, hey, we already have this kind
string, it's something that's
stored in our database, right?
So we look at the trends,
should be maybe at the bottom.
Yeah, here it's actually a field, you can
think of this, there's a column in our
database and serialized in there we should
be able to rely on it being in there.
However, important to remember,
this is the GraphQL
representation of that entity.
So what we could do instead of doing this,
we could in this query as
we're assembling this, we could use
that cache strategy where we would,
while we have access to the DB
representation which it's this.
This object here.
We could maybe build up a map that
shows here is the trend ID, and
it belonged, it is a hashtag trend or
something like that.
And then as we're being asked to sort
out deeper down in this function like,
all right, here's a GraphQL object
that has no kind property, right?
What is its type?
We could then reach into
this context object and
sort out what's going on.
Does that make sense?
Now, this is also totally fine.
I know this field will be there.
So, I would say that this is okay.
It's effectively a user defined
type guard, but in the GraphQL
world instead of in the TypeScript world,
yeah, many ways to do it.
You could either do some bookkeeping or
some introspection.
What should I remember as a summary after
the course about the cache in terms of
which queries we cache and why?
And he also mentioned n plus 1 queries,
what should I remember about that?
So my answer there is, I'm gonna
paraphrase that question a little bit.
I think what he's asking for
is a sanity check.
How do you know you're
caching in the right places?
And not worrying too much about caching
in places where it matters less.
I would say just study your schema and
think about how it's going
to impact your resolvers.
Things are either going to be
called one time or n times usually,
it's just, is it a current user thing or
is it an N times thing?
And it does get a little
bit more complicated and
this is a challenge with GraphQL.
You can't always be sure what's
gonna be called in what order and
this is the most handwave answer ever.
The more complicated your schema gets,
the less confident
you can feel about users will only
be accessed on a per one off basis.
Here's an example, you could look
at this and we've said this, right?
Based on the kind of queries I'm making,
it's totally fine when we go to a user and
we say, give me your stats, and we're
gonna get the whole list of likes that
they've made and
get all of those into an array.
Well, that may have been fine at one
point, but I could also get all the tweets
and the authors of those tweets which are
of type user and then start reaching into
those users and getting some of
this really expensive stuff.
So try to avoid the n plus one queries,
but
it's the kind of thing where you
have to stay well organized.
It's one of the main challenges
of working with GraphQL.
You have a system here that has very
little information about how is
this information being used and
in what circumstance.
You can ask it for whatever you want,
and that moves the problem.
The problem is now, how do you fulfill
a wide open set of possible requests
people could make in a way where you can
guarantee things will be performant and
that your systems won't be degraded?
An approach that some companies
have taken is limiting queries,
where maybe you can only ask for
certain things on users if
it's a one-off request for
one user and they'll give you
a server error if you try to ask for
it in a context where it's
gonna degrade things too much.
Making something that's fast and
easy and consistent and very,
very, very, very performant all the time,
that sounds like
a zero trade off situation and
those generally do not exist.
I'm not sure how much useful
information there isn't that answer,
but it's kind of a gray area.
This is about system architecture
more than how do you put these pieces
together to form a full
stack TypeScript app.
Thanks very much for
building this Twitter app.
A full stack TypeScript
app where the client and
server are connected with GraphQL.
I hope you can see that some of
the benefits you enjoy with writing
TypeScript code either on your server or
your client,
now we get some of those
advantages across the stack.
Where as we refactor things, as we change
things, type information is telling
us where we need to finish up and
complete our refactor all over the place.
So it's a great way to set things up and
hopefully it provided a great
experience for you and you learn how
to use GraphQL and TypeScript together.
Thanks a lot.
>> [APPLAUSE]